docs: clarify ephemeral headers always include padding (#401)
ethereum/portal-network-specs: history/history-network.md

* Ephemeral header content keys offered to the client **MUST** be in a strictly consecutive descending order by `block_number`
* An `Offer` message can only contain up to 31 ephemeral header content keys

> Bridges **MUST** send `Offer` messages that contain content keys of three conceptual categories: new, re-org, and padding
> * New headers are defined by the latest tip as specified by `LightClientUpdates`, which have not been broadcast before
> * If a re-org occurred, then the headers back to the common ancestor block from a previous offer are included
> * An additional `8` header's content keys, MUST be included in the `Offer` message as padding
> * Often, bridge updates will inclued 1 new header, 0 re-org headers, and 8 padding headers

Reviewer: I am not sure there is a reason to specify `have not been broadcast before`, that might limit implementation creativity

```suggestion
Bridges **MUST** send `Offer` messages that
* Contain content keys for the latest header as specified by `LightClientUpdates`, headers corresponding to the re-orged depth, and 8 additional headers which serve as padding.
* The common case would be 1 new header, 0 re-orged headers, and 8 headers for padding
```

I want to stop using `common ancestor block` terminally thinking back on it, I think it is fairly confusing, going forward I would prefer if we use `re-orged depth` or `re-org depth`  instead.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, using `re-org depth` sounds good. Especially if we could add somewhere `1 + re-org depth + 8`, as I find that this explains it very well.
